Added PR- and Issue-Templates (#205)
ait-testbed/attackmate: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/02_feature_request.md

---
name: 🚀 Feature request
about: If you have a feature request 💡
---

**Context**

What are you trying to do and how would you want to do it differently? Is it something you currently you cannot do? Is this related to an issue/problem?

**Alternatives**

> Can you achieve the same result doing it in an alternative way? Is the alternative considerable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you achieve the same result doing it in an alternative way? Is the alternative worth considering?
```
